Moves OpenSK to Wasefire (#768)
google/OpenSK: docs/install.md

each platform provided by this repository.

### Host

The applet feature `fingerprint` is not supported.

To install, run:

```sh
cargo xtask --native applet rust ../.. --features=ctap1,config-command \
  runner host flash --usb-ctap --interface=web
```

### nRF52840

The applet feature `ed25519` is not supported.

The applet feature `fingerprint` is supported for the development kit if an [FPC
2534](https://www.fingerprints.com/solutions/access/fpc-allkey-development-kit)
is connected to the board. In that case, the `fpc2534` platform feature must be
enabled.

An FPC 2532 should theoretically also be supported (but has not been tested)
using the same platform feature.

#### Boards

For more details on the boards, see:

- [Nordic nRF52840-DK](docs/boards/nrf52840dk.md)
- [Nordic nRF52840 Dongle](docs/boards/nrf52840_dongle.md)
- [Makerdiary nRF52840-MDK USB dongle](docs/boards/nrf52840_mdk.md)
- [Feitian OpenSK dongle](docs/boards/nrf52840_feitian.md)

### OpenTitan

The applet feature `ed25519` is supported and needs the `software-ed25519`
platform feature. Once the OpenTitan crypto library implements Ed25519, it will

> be possible to enable the `ed25519` platform feature instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The applet feature `ed25519` is supported and needs the `ed25519`
platform feature.
```

I forgot to update the opensk example in https://github.com/google/wasefire/pull/1070.
